SAUL: Previously
on Homeland...
-Arman, how are you?
-Prosperous.
-So who's driving me tonight?
-I am.
But I thought
you don't drive anymore.
I do for you.
TASNEEM: You allowed Jalal
to control the shura?
And now he's threatening
to start a war.
You were Haqqani's right hand.
You could have stopped Jalal.
CARRIE: The exfil team
that's looking for me in Kohat,
I need to know
where they're safe-housed.
So you'll turn yourself in
at the safe house?
Yes.
Umair Asgher Road.
What-what's going on?
The exfil team from Kohat,
local police
made their safe house.
(men cheering)
TASNEEM:
He's consolidated power
so much faster
than I thought possible.
Protect Jalal,
and we protect ourselves.
What about the Americans?
General Aziz
must answer their threats
with threats of our own.
At least six vehicles
can be seen here
heading north
to the Afghan border,
each with a five-kiloton
battlefield nuclear weapon.
What's going on, Carrie?
I've got a lead
on the flight recorder.
PILOT:
Dropping the collective,
starting autorotation.
(groans softly)
Sorry, baby.
(speaking Russian)
-(siren wailing)
-MAN: Get back, get back!
(indistinct shouting)
(disquieting music)
♪ ♪
MAN: The World Trade Center,
Tower Number One
is on fire!
CARRIE: I missed something
once before. I won't--
I can't let that happen again!
An American prisoner
of war has been turned.
You're a disgrace
to your nation,
Sergeant Nicholas Brody.
You're a traitor
and a terrorist,
and now it's time
to pay for that.
Are you accusing me
of something?
YEVGENY: You really
do not remember?
CARRIE: Remember what?
JIM: We may be dealing with
a compromised officer here.
SAUL: You had a relationship
complicated enough
to lie about.
CARRIE: Yeah, it's complicated.
I lost seven months
of my life.
To my Russian handler?
MAN: Is our strategy working?
SAUL: And you will become
the focus of an investigation
that will define
the rest of your life.
CARRIE: That not every problem
in the Middle East
deserves a military solution.
Because this whole country
went stupid crazy after 9/11.
JIM: Carrie,
you're not yourself.
CARRIE: I'm still putting
the pieces together.
SAUL: Please, God,
tell me you have it.
♪ ♪
MAN: Is there no fucking line?
SAUL: I believe you.
No one else will.
(dark music)
♪ ♪
(indistinct chatter)
(engine rumbles)
(brakes squeal)
♪ ♪
(traffic rumbling,
indistinct chatter)
ARMAN: Are you okay?
-What is going--
-Shh.
What happened?
It's something I heard.
I have to write it down
before I forget.
What is it?
-Evidence.
-Of what?
It's better you don't know.
ARMAN: Drink.
Thank you.
Can you get me onto
Bagram Airfield?
ARMAN:
Of course. Why?
There's someone there
I need to talk to.
(engine starts)
How soon can you be there?
ARMAN: Six hours
if we're lucky at the border.
That's the official response
of your government?
Mr. President,
I assure you,
Pakistan stands
shoulder to shoulder
with the United States
in seeking justice
for the death
of President Warner.
I thought I was clear,
give us Jalal Haqqani,
or we will get him ourselves.
Sir, we don't know
where he is.
Ah, sure you do!
He's in the goddamn Khyb--
Khyber Pakhtunkhwa.
Your prime minister
told me that himself.
Mr. President,
his point about the Khyber
was not that Jalal is there.
It was that the area is huge.
A hundred thousand
square kilometers.
-A hundred thousand?
-RASHAD: Yes.
And your army is, what,
a million men?
Less.
Let's-let's call it 999,000.
How 'bout you take
some of them and look?
How 'bout they get off
their asses, try to find him?
Or are they too busy
to find Jalal
because they're doing this?
Deploying mobile missile
launchers on the border?
Tactical nukes pointed
at our men in Jalalabad.
Well?
Mr. President,
you left us no choice.
Of course we did.
Not when you threaten
to invade our country.
No, we said,
"Give us Jalal."
One man.
Your response was to target
20,000 U.S. troops.
You say you have no choice.
We have no choice.
Now, I don't know how much
clearer I can make this.
Mr. President,
if your troops cross
our border,
we will defend ourselves
with everything in our arsenal.
(tense music)
♪ ♪
WELLINGTON:
Mr. Ambassador.
What are they thinking?
Just what you heard.
Do they want us
to launch our missiles?
I don't believe so, no.
Well, that's what will happen.
Our generals won't back down.
They can't.
-I know.
-It's our country,
which that man, Zabel,
has been gunning for since 9/11.
Sir, I don't think it helps
to look at it that way.
But it's true.
It's also true
that our president is dead.
The man who says he did it
is hiding out in your country,
and your official response
is there's nothing
you can do about it.
And while we're here
debating that,
there are two armies
practically staring
at each other
across your border.
We are this close
to oblivion.
(sighs)
No one's backing down
on either side.
-We have to accept that.
-What are you suggesting?
That we reframe the discussion.
A show of good faith
right now from you
would go a long way
toward promoting a dialogue
much better than the one
we just had.
I'm listening.
We have a half dozen
special operators
sitting in a prison
near Kohat.
What were they doing
in our country?
I'm asking you to ignore that
for the time being
and focus on their release,
which will give me
the ammunition I need
to encourage
a more moderate tone
in the Oval Office.
(exhales deeply)
Mr. Ambassador,
we have a bona fide
crisis here.
No one's acted yet,
but this...
this can all fall apart
in a hurry.
(tense music)
♪ ♪
I'll see what I can do.
Thank you.
(door opens)
(indistinct chatter)
(scoffs)
(uneasy music)
♪ ♪
(indistinct chatter)
ARMAN: We're on the base,
but this is as far as I can go.
CARRIE:
How close is hangar 23?
We're here.
Is that where the presidents'
helicopter took off?
Yeah.
(sighs)
Meet me back here
in 15 minutes.
(engine revs)
MAN:
I'll check on the rotors.
(indistinct chatter)
MAN: Still working
on that swashplate?
(tools clank,
mechanical whirring)
Oh, shit.
Who let you in here?
I've got something
to show you.
Not interested.
Where's your security badge?
You need to look at this.
Seriously,
how'd you get in here?
Look, I know I messed you up.
Messed me up?
You got me demoted.
I was trying to find out
how the president's helicopter
went down.
-Now I know.
-Are you gonna leave?
Or do I have you removed?
(paper rustles)
-Chip light engine two.
-Hello.
-Fire light, lever pulled.
-Security please.
-Dropping collective.
-Worley, hangar 23.
Descending blind.
Low altitude warning.
Fair out.
Brace for impact.
Sorry, false alarm.
(hangs up phone)
It's "flair out"
with an "L."
It's supposed to happen
right before you land.
What is this?
I found the voice recorder
from the president's
helicopter.
-Chip light.
-What's that?
It means there's metal
in the engine oil
that's not supposed
to be there.
You set down immediately.
They're in the mountains.
Right, so they turn back
towards their departure point,
C.O.P. Steedley.
-WORLEY: "Fire."
-What's the lever?
It's the pull bar
for the extinguisher,
but at that point,
they're engine out.
Crashing.
No, not yet.
It's--
"Dropping collective."
"Autorotate."
A controlled descent
to begin with,
but nowhere to land.
Why didn't they call in,
tell everyone
what was happening?
It's aviate, navigate,
communicate.
They never got past step one.
(airplane rumbles past)
I put him on that helicopter.
(tools whirring, clanking)
(electronic beeping)
Carrie, I've been worried sick.
Where the hell are you?
Bagram Airfield.
I just ran a transcript
of the voice recorder
past the chief mechanic here.
He confirmed.
The president's helicopter
was not shot down.
(sighs)
What was it?
Mechanical failure.
I'm not sure what exactly,
a turbine blade maybe.
High altitude, fully loaded.
He guesses
they were doing 130 knots
to maintain rotor
speed when they hit.
An accident.
Yeah.
We need to get you
and that flight recorder
back to D.C. right away.
I don't have it.
You just said...
Well, I had it.
Yevgeny stole it from me.
Then what's this transcript?
CARRIE:
Well, I wrote it myself
from what I heard
on the voice recorder.
-What you heard?
-CARRIE: Yeah.
So we've got nothing?
(sighs)
I heard it.
I fucking heard
the black box,
and they have it now,
the Russians do, 100 percent.
Don't tell me that's nothing.
Do not tell me that!
You've got zero credibility,
Carrie.
Right now you're somewhere
between a rogue agent
and a national
security threat.
All right, then you know what,
you do something.
(sighs)
Go to the Russians.
Ask what they want
to give it back.
SAUL: Okay.
Okay, what?
I'll talk to the Russians.
But it's time
to turn yourself in.
(phone beeps)
(call drops, phone beeps)
Are you okay?
Not really.
ARMAN: We done?
No.
(engine starts)
(helicopter blades whir)
(indistinct chatter)
MIKE: Guess who just made
an appearance
at Bagram this morning.
Carrie Mathison.
Apparently she snuck
onto the base,
which is not exactly reassuring
given we're in the middle
of a national security crisis.
So, uh, what was she after?
-Huh?
-What was she doing at Bagram?
She's back in Kabul
is the point.
We need to find her.
She should be here,
answering questions
about the presidents'
helicopter
and her Russian buddy,
and how the Special Ops team
we sent after her
ended up in a Paki jail.
-JENNA: That was her?
-Who else could it have been?
It's time to get her
back in custody.
-Right?
-Yeah.
Put a team together.
I'll see who's available.
(gentle music)
♪ ♪
(indistinct chatter)
SAUL: Ambassador.
Thanks for meeting me
on such short notice.
-You made it sound so urgent.
-It is.
I assume you've seen
the satellite images.
Tactical nukes along the border
targeting our troops.
Pakistan.
A strike,
even a single warhead,
would provoke an overwhelming
U.S. response.
Well, I'm happy to say
it has nothing to do with us.
Actually, it might.
(elevator dings)
Remember Carrie Mathison?
She's been on a road trip
through the tribal areas
lately.
With Yevgeny Gromov.
But he was told
to stay away from her.
So was she.
-And we agreed.
-We did, yeah.
Didn't happen.
What were they doing?
SAUL: They were looking
for something.
Flight recorder from
the presidents' helicopter
that went down a week ago.
And they found it.
It shows that
what's happening now,
this movement toward war...
...it's all based on a lie.
Jalal Haqqani claims
he shot the helicopter down.
He didn't.
It was mechanical failure.
An accident.
You really didn't know?
How would I?
Because Yevgeny
took the flight recorder,
stole it from Carrie,
meaning your government
is now in possession.
-You say this--
-'Cause it's true.
Someone in your government
has the black box.
There must be some price
to get it back.
I'm asking, what is it?
Find out, let me know.
(exhales deeply)
(sighs)
(traffic rumbling,
indistinct chatter)
You really need that?
Hopefully not.
ARMAN: Who is in there?
CARRIE: I'm guessing nobody.
Maybe this Russian,
who dumped me in that town
where you picked me up.
This is where he stays.
He's probably
back in Moscow though,
thinking how to fuck me over
even more.
(scoffs)
Keep an eye out, okay?
(tense music)
♪ ♪
(indistinct chatter)
(tense music continues)
♪ ♪
(sighs)
CARRIE: I knew he wouldn't
actually be there,
but I thought there'd
be something, some--
some clue what to do next,
not just a bare room.
So what now?
I don't know that either.
(sighs)
(traffic rumbling,
horn blares)
I've dug this gigantic hole,
and I-I can't--
I can't quite see a way out.
Just a couple days ago,
there was this moment
and you know
what I was thinking?
I did it.
I won.
(phone rings)
-Victor.
-MAKAROV: Saul.
That was fast.
Thank you.
MAKAROV:
Uh, don't thank me yet.
I ran your request
past some people here
at the embassy,
and no one had heard
of this flight recorder.
You have to ask Moscow.
MAKAROV: I did.
At the very highest levels.
You are, what do they say, uh,
barking up the wrong tree.
(chuckles)
Victor, I apologize.
I need you to help me
read between the lines here.
Nothing between
the lines, Saul.
There's gotta be.
I know Yevgeny Gromov
took the flight recorder.
Who told you that?
Carrie Mathison.
It doesn't matter who told me.
It's a fact.
So either Yevgeny
still has it--
-He doesn't.
-Then your government does.
Not true.
Either way,
there must be a price.
There must be.
Victor,
we're talking
about a nuclear exchange.
I know.
Your country will be drawn into
whatever conflict breaks out.
This cannot be your answer.
What did they say?
Saul, I've done what I can.
In Moscow,
what were their exact words?
We have what we want.
(uneasy music)
♪ ♪
(horns honking,
overlapping shouting)
Hey!
Idiot.
Not you.
-MAN: (speaking Pashto)
-(Carrie groans)
(chaotic, indistinct chatter)
(intense music)
♪ ♪
(Carrie groans)
YEVGENY: Enough!
(breathing heavily)
Back off.
Apologies for the ambush.
CARRIE:
Yeah, you've done worse.
That wasn't personal.
You took something from me.
I want it back.
The flight recorder.
What's it gonna cost?
Saul Berenson
asked that exact thing.
And what did you tell him?
YEVGENY: We told him
that there is no price
because for him there isn't.
But for you,
there may be a way.
Meaning what?
Saul is running an agent
inside the Kremlin.
That person has been sending
him information for decades.
Not a river.
A drop at a time.
-Now, now.
-But wait--
The secrets that could
only have come
from someone
at the highest level.
No, it's--it's not true.
It is.
There is no such person.
Believe me, I would know.
After all of these years,
I would have had
some indication.
It's just a story
Saul probably made up himself.
YEVGENY: That's what
he wants you to believe,
but there is
no other explanation
for the damages
done to my country.
The identity of that agent
is the only thing
worth more to my country
than watching the United States
self-destruct
on the Pakistan border.
(breathing deeply)
(uneasy music)
♪ ♪
Look, even if this person
did exist...
They do.
Saul is not gonna give him up.
Not to me, not to anybody.
That is his one commandment,
you never give up an asset.
I know that.
So there's nothing I can do.
You have to find him yourself.
No, you are not hearing me.
It's not possible.
Nobody's saying
it will be easy.
Yevgeny, please,
I can do anything else.
I can't betray Saul.
YEVGENY: From what I've seen,
you can do just about anything.
♪ ♪
(animals bleat)
(speaking Pashto)
(gun clicks)
(gunfire)
(speaking Pashto)
(indistinct chatter)
(line beeps)
-Carrie.
-CARRIE: Yeah.
-Where are you?
-CARRIE: Doing what you said.
CARRIE: I'm turning myself
into the station.
So did you talk
to the Russians?
I spoke to Ambassador Makarov
like you asked.
He spoke to the Kremlin.
Any luck?
They said they don't know
anything about a black box.
They said, how can there be
a price for something
they don't have?
I know they're lying.
They have it
and they're keeping it.
I can't figure out why.
(somber music)
Carrie...
...think.
Yevgeny say anything?
No, he stole the box
and stuck a needle in my neck.
I found it, Saul.
The truth.
(sighs)
I know.
But the truth isn't much good
if no one will listen.
♪ ♪
Don't do this.
Don't turn yourself in.
I don't see another way.
You said it yourself,
you could end up
years in prison.
There must be something.
I can get you out of here,
to Dubai.
I have places there.
You can hide.
I can't.
Just till this blows over.
(sighs)
I wish I could.
I mean, you have no idea.
But this isn't gonna blow over.
In fact, it's gonna
get much, much worse.
What happened to you
with those people?
What did they do to you?
They made me an offer.
Knowing I'd have to accept.
Thank you, Arman.
Thank you.
You've been such a friend.
(indistinct chatter)
(uneasy music)
♪ ♪
-Stop right there.
-CARRIE: I'm Carrie Mathison.
I'm wanted by the FBI.
I'm turning myself in.
MAN: Sergeant, go ahead.
Pat her down.
MAN ON RADIO:
How many are out there now?
MAN: Copy.
One single female's all I got.
-(indistinct radio chatter)
-Clear.
MIKE: Listen up!
Just heard from State.
As a goodwill gesture,
the Pakistanis are releasing
our Special Ops team.
(applause)
They'll be bussed
to the border at Angoor Adda.
A Marine Corps chopper will
then ferry them back to Kabul.
So some good news.
Finally.
Now back to work.
(applause)
(indistinct chatter)
Mike.
I wanna meet the team
at the border.
-Why?
-What do you mean, why?
They're our guys.
I need you here.
Someone from this station
should supervise the handover,
make sure they haven't
been mistreated.
Plus maybe get to the bottom
of how they were taken
in the first place.
-Okay, knock yourself out.
-(knock at door)
You're not gonna believe this.
Carrie Mathison just
turned up at the front gate.
(light music)
♪ ♪
All clean.
(keypad chirps)
(indistinct chatter)
Interrogation one.
(suspenseful music)
♪ ♪
(speaking Pashto)
(both) Papa! Papa!
-(speaking Pashto)
-Papa! Papa!
-(screaming)
Papa! Papa!
Papa! Papa! Papa!
Papa! Papa! Papa! Papa!
(tense music)
♪ ♪
(grunts)
(speaking Pashto)
Na.
Na, na, na, na.
(grunting)
(uneasy music)
♪ ♪
(breathing heavily)
(gentle music)
♪ ♪
(keypad chirps)
What are you doing here?
I heard people
were looking for me.
They've been looking
for a week.
Why now?
You should know,
the Special Ops team
you got captured in Kohat
is being freed.
Washington arranged it.
Pakistanis
are handing them over.
These are the guys you tricked
me into giving up, remember?
All that bullshit
about a black box.
-It wasn't bullshit.
-JENNA: It's all bullshit.
Everything you say.
And maybe betraying your own
side doesn't matter to you,
maybe you're that far gone,
but it does to me.
(sighs)
Just say it.
JENNA: What?
CARRIE:
What you came in here to ask.
You gonna give me up?
Because I was stupid enough
to tell you where
the safe house was?
No, I won't.
How can I be sure?
Because I just promised you.
Now go.
If the FBI finds you
talking to a Russian spy,
you might get in real trouble.
(uneasy music)
(door opens)
♪ ♪
(keypad chirps)
Carrie, Vanessa Kroll.
We talked before.
(sighs)
We're on the record.
I'm Assistant Director
Vanessa Kroll.
Also present is Special Agent
Ray Auerbach, and, um...
-Carrie Mathison.
-KROLL: Thank you.
(keypad chirps, door opens)
-MIKE: I miss anything?
-Just getting going.
KROLL: There's a lot of new
material since we talked last,
a lot of it disconcerting.
I'm dying to hear.
For example, you told me
you learned about
the president's visit
on the morning of his arrival
in Kabul.
KROLL: But I found out later
that you actually
suggested the trip to him
three days before.
Those statements
aren't contradictory.
You understand that, right?
I suggested he come here.
I didn't know
he was doing it.
I'm just noting the fact.
CARRIE:
It doesn't sound like that.
It sounds like you believe
I had something to do
with the president's helicopter
going down.
Did you?
You mean did I pass information
about Warner's trip
to the Russians,
who passed it to the Taliban,
who were in a position
to shoot down his helicopter?
-That's right.
-What do you think?
You had a meeting
with Yevgeny Gromov
just before
the president arrived.
As agreed
with the station chief.
True.
Less true is what you told
your station chief
about the meeting.
You said you were
recruiting Gromov,
but the surveillance tape
shows that Gromov
had already recruited you,
in fact already had
a relationship
of troubling intimacy with you,
and when you were confronted
with it you agreed
to return to the United States
and then evaded your escort
and disappeared.
Security cameras show
you disappeared with Gromov.
Obviously, you were
communicating with him
without the knowledge
of your CIA colleagues.
Could I say something?
-Sure.
-Okay, because you're laboring
under a serious
misconception here.
You say "my" CIA colleagues,
"my" station chief,
as if I worked for the CIA,
as if you or anyone
in this building gets a say
in how or where or with whom
I spend my time.
I do get a say when you're
providing aid and comfort
to the enemy.
If you're talking
about Yevgeny Gromov,
it's more like he provided
aid and comfort to me.
(Mike sighs)
CARRIE:
I am not a CIA employee.
I am a U.S. citizen
under the protection
of the National
Security Advisor.
-KROLL: Really?
-Yeah.
And I would like a lawyer.
KROLL: Fine.
Then you're under arrest,
and we're taking you back
to the States.
Would you?
What is she doing?
Getting arrested.
Look at her though, it's like
she wants to be sent back.
MIKE: Weren't you heading out
to the border or something?
(light uneasy music)
♪ ♪
(sighs)
-(knocking, door opens)
-Yes?
Carrie just turned herself
in to Kabul station.
The FBI are putting her on
a plane back here under arrest.
She's invoking
your protection.
Can I be frank?
Things are deteriorating
for you fast enough here
without Carrie Mathison
claiming that whatever trouble
she's gotten herself into
was on your behalf.
You gotta keep a wall there.
-You're probably right.
-I am.
Want to know
what she's been up to?
You know she was looking
for the black box
from President Warner's
helicopter.
Well, she found it.
She listened to
the voice recorder.
It's crystal clear.
The helicopter
wasn't shot down.
It crashed because
of mechanical failure.
Why haven't you told anyone?
(sighs)
'Cause the flight recorder
was taken from her
by a Russian agent.
So we just have her word.
SAUL: No.
(sighs) I spoke
to Ambassador Makarov.
Yeah, and what did he say?
Officially,
they don't have it.
Unofficially,
they're not giving it back.
(sighs)
Look,
we bought ourselves
some goodwill
getting the Special Ops team
released.
I can build on that with Hayes,
keep the temperature down,
the diplomatic pressure up,
try to stall,
but I need your help.
You start talking
about Carrie Mathison
and Russian agents
and vanished flight recorders,
and any credibility
you have left here is gone.
I know.
So we agree.
You keep your distance.
(gentle music)
I was there when
the Russians released her.
She didn't know me.
She'd lost her mind.
Then I sent her to Kabul even--
(chuckles)
I knew she wasn't ready.
But I needed her to do a job.
Whatever shit she's in
is because of me.
I am not turning
my back on her.
♪ ♪
(exhales deeply)
(door opens, closes)
(indistinct murmurs)
(man praying over loudspeaker)
(uneasy music)
♪ ♪
(engines start)
(indistinct radio chatter)
MAN: Like 30 minutes.
♪ ♪
MORELL: Jenna Bragg?
Joss Morell.
HQ said you were coming.
Any news?
Convoy's on schedule,
about ten minutes out.
Plan is they stop just over
that border, walk across.
We load them up and take them
back to the Chinook.
Home and hosed.
It's a long way
for you to come.
Boyfriend one of them?
No.
Is yours?
(soft chuckle)
(light music)
♪ ♪
(brakes squeal)
(engine stops)
(tense music)
♪ ♪
(breathes deeply)
(beep)
(engines rumble)
(phone clicks)
Are these really necessary?
(plane engine idles)
(indistinct chatter)
Almost home, boys.
-Yes.
MORELL: That's them.
We're gonna saddle up.
(indistinct chatter)
MAN: Clear the route.
(brakes hiss)
(indistinct chatter)
(electricity crackles)
(gentle music)
♪ ♪
(indistinct chatter)
(engine starts)
♪ ♪
(tires skid)
(tires screeching)
(overlapping shouting)
-Come on, let's move!
-MAN: Take it out!
-Get down!
-(indistinct shouting)
(men shouting, grunting)
-Hey!
-Move!
-Let me outta here!
-Move the fucking bus!
Move the bus!
Move the--
♪ ♪
-(overlapping shouting)
-God, move the fucking bus!
♪ ♪
-(yelling)
-Papa!
(explosion, flames roiling)
(engine roaring)
♪ ♪
(gentle music)
(crickets chirping)
(keys clacking, bell dings)